Add description and examples to some `core` keywords (#43)
Intelligence-AI/learnjsonschema.com: content/2020-12/core/schema.markdown

  - vocabulary: core
    keyword: $defs
---

> 

Reviewer: Here you can clarify how a schema is expected to successfully validate against the meta-schema it declares. Maybe show one example where that's not the case and thus it results in an error?

Reviewer: We should also talk about what happens if `$schema` is NOT defined.

Reviewer: Finally, an interesting case worth explaining and exemplifying is embedded schemas (https://json-schema.org/blog/posts/bundling-json-schema-compound-documents), and how these can declare their own `$schema` as they represent different schema resources

Reviewer: Finally, talking about schema resources, let's explain/exemplify that `$schema` must only be declared at the TOP LEVEL of a schema resource.

## Examples

> {{<schema `This declaration indicates that the schema follows the specifications outlined in JSON Schema Draft 2020-12`>}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<schema `This declaration indicates that the schema is described by the JSON Schema 2020-12 dialect`>}}
```

{
  "$schema": "https://json-schema.org/draft/2020-12/schema"
}
{{</schema>}}

{{<schema `This declaration indicates that the schema follows the specifications outlined in JSON Schema Draft 7`>}}
{

>   "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#"

Reviewer: This entire section of learnjsonschema.com is purely about the 2020-12 dialect. Instead of showcasing another different dialect, what about exemplifying the HyperSchema variant of 2020-12?
